mmm magic welcome to the cake baking
extravaganza commentary with Kat and
Emma today as you can see we are baking
a cake and already doing a fair job of
it I'm pretty sure that's me does that
mean yes yeah that is such a foolish
thing absolutely no skill whatsoever
came into the baking of this cake on my
part timber maybe a little bit more so
and we're still going yeah I'm pretty
sure Gemma takes over here soon I was
probably singing at the same time which
is why we're doing the commentary and
there goes Gemma just pushing in at the
right time and actually mixing the food
probably making me go on the floor and
using me as a stool yeah extra height
not that I'm the same height as you true
but maybe you wanted a bit more this is
not riveting stuff but an egg beat that
egg that's murder murder lasted that's
very evil hello truthfully was already
dead so we didn't do anything wrong to
stop them yes they didn't need a baby
chicken would be a good cake with the
baby chickens now count these as they go
in because there's meant before there's
two three
for well there was an epic fail that was
not my fault yes it was your fault you
couldn't even count I can count maybe I
don't know why the ball was lifted then
why was it lifted oh it's the horrible
whisk and at the cake on a whisk thunder
lightning boom you probably didn't even
hear that yeah probably not there are
special sound effects from Mother Nature
here we go doing nothing Oh making
progress the butter and the sugar be
drawn in and India okay soon we'll see
some skillful mixing not on my part come
on bastard I'm not even doing anything
it's not entertaining wiping this food
thing hmm in other news we haven't
actually told them that the cake is
meant to turn out like a TARDIS ooh and
everyone should go watch narrow ones
version of the TARDIS the TARDIS invited
no that was another dog that was like
some demon from the underworld that
wasn't it either that was he making
really weird noises let's just say that
only narrow mom can do that noise was
mum I met in the background yes why do
we need to even mention that though I
might be a link on the side yeah
absolutely nothing is going on oh there
we go spring the spoon is dancing that's
for the young xing skill yeah i put it
down and then Gemma comes along and just
milk oh wow those are flus there we go
there's my mixing skill I'll maybe that
stammers that's Gemma I would never do
such skillful things nom nom nom
apparently this cake actually tasted
decent I took it to school my friends
all wanted more yes I didn't try any
Twilight cake that's why I like Oh what
does it why like cake look like the book
if anyone can tell us we would like to
know maybe even Jess could tell us if
you can actually get black icing but I
sing with a picture of like an apple or
something someone hand holding an apple
probably turn into the greatest mess of
all cake time England areata TARDIS look
that's actually looking like take nick /
show the first time get away we're doing
it just still watching it five if it was
freaky well yeah you know you probably
ended hello to start well now
to look like okay mix well I'm
philadelphia's because melon tea soon no
one stays interested for five minutes
Lorrie and into a glass bowl but we got
poured in because otherwise this video
will go forever because it took us ages
i SAT there through that footage your
your hands were dirty then let's have it
in cake mix no do it was poo like
throwing your forehead IT Crowd now
we're making the icing I think yes as
you can see it's kind quite splendidly
not really it's clearly Gemma mixing
again it's disappeared oh there we go
going on there it's the icing it'll be
blue sea yes it will I mix that bit wait
yes I did here we go Gemma looks like he
pulls too much in she has no skill of
pouring things whoa but it turns out
fine and then I stirred it well actually
in real life it didn't look like the
TARDIS color but on camera it does which
is our trick our secret that I've told
everyone magic yep that the color you
see on camera looks like the TARDIS
color but the color in real life looked
really weird but we still eat it it
tasted good here we go
and soon you will see the finished
product is that it's coming up in a few
seconds what are you doing with the ice
the blue stuff Bergen here we go tardis
cake and if you want to run the door
handles our take home donors rocks and
that's all from us tune in next time for
we have no idea good high good part